Penultimations of the changelog kind (#48264)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Adds a terrain flag 'NO_SHOOT' to prevent projectiles from striking or going through that tile type.
Enables using a rope to carry large items.
Adds large dermatik nest and tweaks dermatiks.

> New island prison layout.
> Adds the tazer drone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new layout for the island prison challenge scenario.
Adds tazer drones.
```

Fixes use-after-free error in sounds::process_sound_markers(player).
Makes the Zombie technician's pull metal weapon attack drop items at the technician's feet.
Fixes errors due to a bad memory access in drop_activity_actor::do_turn().

> Resolves a partial item spawn issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resolves a partial item spawn issue.
```

Fixes use-after-free error in sounds::process_sound_markers(player).
Makes the Zombie technician's pull metal weapon attack drop items at the technician's feet.
Fixes errors due to a bad memory access in drop_activity_actor::do_turn().
Resolves a partial item spawn issue
Prevents xp 'underflow' due to negative focus.
Dragged vehicle/furniture no longer leaves a trail of memorized tiles in darkness.
Prevents a crash by disallowing turning vehicles on ramps.

> Fixes crash when towing over a bridge.
> Fixes game freeze when player cannot carry a mission reward.
> Fixes crash in  `map::player_in_field` caused by iterator invalidation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes crashes from towing cables snapping or trying to stretch between z-levels.
Fixes a game freeze from happening when the player cannot carry a mission reward.
Fixes a crash in `map::player_in_field` caused by iterator invalidation.
```

Fixes a division by zero error when drinking water.
Fixes NPC followers being blind after waking up.
Fixes looks_like for vehicle parts.

> Fixed metabolic rehydration.
> Fixes L10N not working when env var LANG is unset.
> Avoids starvation when creating characters from older templates.
> Fixes moving furniture being 'destroyed' when grab-moving.
> Fixes crash when reloading container on the ground and canceling equipment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes Roots and Metabolic rehydration mutations so they actually relieve/eliminate the need for water.
Fixes localization not working if the LANG environmental variable is not set.
Avoids creating starving characters from older templates.
Fixes furniture being 'destroyed' when grab-moving.
Fixes crashes from canceling reloading a container that is on the ground.
```

Reduces save size by skipping serialization of some item pockets and relic data.
Adds RLE compression for JSON serialization/deserializations of data on items, reducing savefile size.
Improves performance of initializing the achievements tracker.

> Only considers tiles with floor when NPC avoids explosives.
> Speeds up fungus processing by 30%+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When NPCs are fleeing from explosions, skips considering routing through tiles without a floor.
Speeds up fungus-related code processing by 30%+.
```

Adds a GitHub workflow running flake8 to check the Python scripts.
Consistently styles code in CMakeLists.txt files.
Adds CMake linting.
Captures ODR violations using GOLD linker, ASAN or LTO.

## I18N and A11Y:

> Fixes translations of martial art initiate and computer terminal messages.

Reviewer: Shouldn't `Places cursor at highlighted item name in construction and crafting menus, as expected by screen readers.` be here, not under Bugfixes?

Author: Seems reasonable, I'll move it.
